# CJ_Johnson
I am still testing this GitHub concept for both educational and professional purposes, but welcome to my GitHub! I'm of a student-first (_and foremost_) mindset, so I will share any & all educational resources I can create/provide. I am always available for assistance (_once in my network, always in my network_). 

How did I even get here?? I was never an IT person. I liked puzzles and legos; the idea of packing a storage space or moving truck was always an appealing challenge. I thought technology was cool, and I loved it - but it wasn't my destiny. I was a customer service girlie; helping others however possible, whenever possible. I worked with kids, some with high levels of autism (_and had my hair ripped out repeatedly_), and adults with disabilities... I worked on my feet, in the field, and behind the scenes - but I was tired (_mentally, emotionally, physically_). I then found **MyComputerCareer** accidently, and steadily worked my way up from a confused student struggling to pass IT certification exams to a Senior Instructor; covering lectures regularly, tutoring students facing familiar doubts to my previous self, mentoring peers toward success, and studying for more certifications (_by choice_) to further add to my love and knowledge of the ever changing IT world. I currently work heavily with AZ900 (_Microsoft Azure Fundamentals_), AI901 (_Microsoft Azure AI Fundamentals_), and Linux Essentials (_LPI 010-160_)... but I also work heavily with security, networking, and general hardware/software technology (_like CompTIA's A+ certification_). You never know what's going to occur, but it seems everything happens for a reason.

Awards: **Instructor of the Year 2025**, MyComputerCareer. **Core Values (_Excellence, Customer-First, Ethics, Love_) Award 2024**, MyComputerCareer. **World Class IT Professional** [WCITP] (_Honor Roll_) x2 @ MyComputerCareer (_November 2018 - June 2019_). 

**Certifications:** CompTIA A+, CompTIA Network+, CompTIA Server+, PCEI-30-01, DL-00-101, AZ-900, AI-900, AI-901, MTA Server Fundamentals, MTA Networking Fundamentals, MTA Mobility & Device Fundamentals, MTA Security Fundamentals.
